My Website Design Reflection
Today, more and more Chinese people choose to go abroad for education, and the United States has the world's best education system, so the number of students in China want to study in the United States, and all of these students must accept the requirements of the US education language Test, only through the test, are eligible to apply for the ideal school. These tests include the TOEFL test, the GRE test, GMAT test and so on. Although they are language tests, but the requirements are different, the focus of the examination is not the same, students need to have a good language skills, and through a period of careful preparation.I plan to design the site, in order to serve these students who want to go to the United States, as much as possible to provide them with the most effective courses at a lower cost to help them achieve the desired results. And provide one-stop service, including study tutoring, and application consulting etc . In the project planning, At first I consider that the biggest problem I’ve faced is how to distinguish our training project with other language learning projects. But later I thought that the different content different test tutoring has already distinguished it. Then I focus on the specific design of my webpage I found the most difficult part is how design the pages layout. This is also the first step in website design. If you do not consider clearly how to layout, the back of the work will be more and more messy. So I refer to a number of language learning website design, repeated thinking. Through the user experience of when I learning English online as far as possible try to design my web pages to improve and optimize. In my pages there is no immediate pop-up advisory window, it is very annoying design. I did not design a lot of information, just to show our expertise TOEFL and GRE exams, I set up a teaching video, also provided some end-of-test information and user experience exchange forum. And all these, I wish to put the page as simple as possible. It doesn’t mean that the contents is simple, it has a number of pages to show, but it just looks clear, kind like google. I did not hesitate to choose to design more pages. Because I hope my page as neat as possible, allowing users to the most simple and clear to find the buttons they need, click, and then further explore. And it is not enough to do this only use page layout. This is another big problem that I have encountered, and I need a lot of icons, such as button signs, educational institutions signs, and so on. This job is cumbersome. It's not easy to find icons with uniform color specifications. I chose a few sites that I liked and tried to download the set of icons from them. I downloaded some but many could not download. Eventually I searched Google and find a set of icon templates, which is really convenient. The unity of the color and the uniformity of the icon specifications that will appear to be very regular on my page. When I prepared all the materials. Now let’s start working.